Add ntds cli tools and add all tools as pyproject entry points (#34)
fox-it/dissect.database: README.md

## Tools

> Some cli tools, related to specific database exists. These tools allows to simply dump database content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some CLI tools related to specific databases exists. These tools allow you to dump or inspect database content.
```
